Visual and performing arts are part of the liberal arts. Including areas like theater, music, studio art and graphic design, this field is for those who wish to make a career out of their creativity. Learn more about visual and performing arts below.

Inside the Visual and Performing Arts
Visual and performing arts programs explore the scholarly and practical study of a wide variety of artistic techniques and styles. Within the visual and performing arts is a range of educational opportunities and potential careers. Study.com provides a wealth of information to help you choose the educational options that are right for you and the corresponding vocation.

Theater
The College Board states that in pursuing a bachelor's degree in theater, students read and discuss historical plays. In addition, they engage in hands-on experiential learning through building sets, designing lighting or acting in plays.

Dance
The BLS indicates that dancers generally rely upon training beginning at a much younger age. They may or may not pursue postsecondary degrees in dance.

Here are links to articles offering more details about education options in the visual and performing arts field.

Performing Arts Degrees by Level
Studio Arts Degrees by Level
Media Arts Degrees by Level
Musical Theater Degrees by Level
Distance Learning Options
While most programs in the visual and fine arts require hands-on education at a college campus in order to hone one's skills, there are distance learning options available. There are even free classes in some areas, although these generally don't contribute towards a degree. The provided links will explain more.

Online Bachelor's Degree in Studio Art
Free Online Music Classes
Online Acting Classes 
Online Bachelor's Degree in the Visual Arts
Career Options
There's a range of vocational opportunities for those with training and aptitude in the visual and performing arts. Perhaps unsurprisingly, one's career options within visual and performing arts are closely tied to one's educational achievement and aptitudes for a given art. These links can help explain more about employment options in the arts.

Set Designer
Graphic Designer
Musician
Choreographer
Dancer
Employment Outlook and Salary Information
